Add size limit for HelmBroker storage (#5061)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/helm-broker/05-01-helm-broker.md

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|
| **ctrl.resources.limits.cpu** | Defines limits for CPU resources. | `100m` |

> | **ctrl.resources.limits.memory** | Defines limits for memory resources. During clone action, the Git binary loads whole repository into memory. You may need to adjust this value if you want to clone a bigger repository.| `76Mi` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ctrl.resources.limits.memory** | Defines limits for memory resources. During the clone action, the Git binary loads the whole repository into memory. You may need to adjust this value if you want to clone a bigger repository.| `76Mi` |
```

| **ctrl.resources.requests.cpu** | Defines requests for CPU resources. | `80m` |
| **ctrl.resources.requests.memory** | Defines requests for memory resources. | `32Mi` |

> | **ctrl.tmpDirSizeLimit** | Specifies a size limit on the `tmp` directory in the Helm Pod. This directory is used to store processed addons. Eviction manager monitors the disk space used by the Pod and evicts it when the usage exceeds the limit. Then, the Pod is marked as `Evicted`. The limit is enforced with a time delay, usually about 10s. | `1GB` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ctrl.tmpDirSizeLimit** | Specifies a size limit on the `tmp` directory in the Helm Pod. This directory is used to store processed addons. Eviction manager monitors the disk space used by the Pod and evicts it when the usage exceeds the limit. Then, the Pod is marked as `Evicted`. The limit is enforced with a time delay, usually about 10s. | `1Gi` |
```

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|

> | **config.tmpDirSizeLimit:** | Sets a size limit on `/tmp` directory in the Helm pod. This directory is used to store processed Addons. The disk space used by pod is monitored by eviction manager - it will evict pods when the usage exceeds the limit (sets status to 'Evicted'). This limit is enforced with a certain time delay, usually ~10s. | `2Gi` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **config.tmpDirSizeLimit** | Specifies a size limit on the `tmp` directory in the Helm Pod. This directory is used to store processed addons. Eviction manager monitors the disk space used by the Pod and evicts it when the usage exceeds the limit. Then, the Pod is marked as `Evicted`. The limit is enforced with a time delay, usually about 10s. | `2GB` |
```
